
Card Values and Scoring:
Each card is worth its value unless it is a face or an ace.
A face is worth 10 points and an ace can be worth either 1 or 11 points.

Objective:
You want your hand to add up as close to 21 as possible or equal to it without going over. Beat the dealer!

Before it is your turn:
Before the round starts, each player places a bet. The minimum bet is $10.
Everyone is dealt two cards face up and the dealer is dealt one card face up and one card face down. 
If the dealer's upcard is an Ace, you can make an insurance bet (1/2 your bet) on the dealer having blackjack.
If the dealer has 21 at the start, they collect the bets of everyone who does not have 21.
If the dealer and a player both have 21 at the start, it is a tie and the player collects their bet back.
If a player has 21 at the start and the dealer does not, the player gets back 2.5x their bet.

How your turn works:
The player to the left of the dealer goes first (if they have 21, it is the next player turn).
You can decide whether to stand, hit, split, or double down.
If you decide to stand, you keep your hand and it is the next player turn.
If you decide to hit, you are given another card and that value is added on. You can make another decision from there.
You can only split if you have two cards and they are equal in value. This creates two separate hands you can then play on 
(starting with your right hand), and your bet is equal on both.
You can only split if your hand value is 9, 10, or 11. This doubles your bet and gives you only one extra card.
If you go bust (get over 21), equal to 21, you doubled down, or you decided to stand, it is then the next player turn.

Dealer turn:
After all the players go, the dealer then plays.
If the dealer has less than 17 (or an A and a 6) the dealer has to continue to give themselves cards.
At the end of the dealer turn, if the dealer has a higher total than you, they collect your bet.
If the dealer has gone over 21, you collect your bet back (unless you have also gone over 21, then you lose it).
If the dealer has an equal total to you, you collect your bet back.
If you have a higher total than the dealer, you collect 2x your bet back.

How to play the variant:
The same rules apply.
Exceptions: 
* Your bet is double your original bet because your cards are automatically split before your turn (it does not matter your cards).
* You cannot split again.
* You can choose whether or not you want to switch the bottom two cards of your hands before playing.